



Contact
darylcarter1234@yahoo.com
www.linkedin.com/in/darylcarter (LinkedIn)
www.statlab.com (Other) www.supplyone.com (Other) www.pharmerica.com (Other)

Top Skills
Sales Presentations
New Business Development Sales Management

Certifications
PharMerica Corporate Sales Training
IMPACT Selling SPIN Selling
Sandler Sales Training
National Associations of Medical Sales Representatives

Honors-Awards
Rainmaker Award Winner
National Association of Medical Sales Representatives (NAMSR)
Top 5% Producer
Board of Directors, Vice President of Board
Board of Directors
Daryl Carter
Certified Medical Sales Leader » High Performer » Driving Significant Revenue Growth in the Healthcare Industry Charlotte, North Carolina

Summary

A Senior Leader in Medical and Healthcare sales, I deliver transformational leadership to help companies meet — and exceed
— revenue goals.

With more than two decades of experience as a sales professional, I understand what it takes to build, strengthen, and grow territories. My proficiencies include, but are not limited to, B2B & B2C Sales, Key Account Management, Revenue Growth, and Sales Team Training & Management in the healthcare industry.

A tenacious, results-driven professional, I live for the win and always find a path to success. I’m proud to have a strong history of adding significant value to the companies I’ve worked for throughout my career. A consistent award-winner and high-ranking sales driver, I believe the formula for a high-performing medical salesperson is tri- fold:

»» Consultative Sales — Make it about the customer. Perform a needs analysis first and then present solutions to solve their needs. Give them the information to make a good decision, and the sales numbers will grow.

»» Trust — Without trust, your successes won’t multiply and they won’t last. I listen well and am always there for my clients.

»» Likeability — A likeable personality is a must. As a natural people- person, I enjoy working with and talking to a wide variety of medical professionals from industry executives, physicians, laboratory personnel, medical directors, director of nursing , healthcare facility administrators, functional medicine doctors and nutritionists.



Page 1 of 7




A proven medical sales leader and true team player, I thrive in highly-competitive environments and enjoy mentoring and helping others enhance professional growth and achieve (and exceed!) company goals.

I’m on LinkedIn to strengthen business relations and discover new opportunities. I’m currently open to conversations about positions in Medical Sales. Connect with me here or feel free to email me:
✉darylcarter1234@yahoo.com


Experience
Leaves For Medicine, LLC.
Consultant / Senior Sales Representative ► Health and Wellness Products
January 2017 - Present Conover, North Carolina
Joined health and wellness business efforts to provide Sales and Operational leadership for business development activities. Clientele includes various healthcare professionals including Physicians, Functional Medicine, Chiropractors, Nutritionists, Wellness Professionals, among others.

Areas of focus include Sales Strategies, Client Relations, Training & Development, Revenue Growth, Operations, and Consultative Sales.

»» Successfully directed marketing activities and policies to promote company products & services

»» Managed and executed successful sales strategies — exceeding sales goals by an average of 50% in 2017 & 2018

»» Trained, developed, and mentored sales team through high-impact sales training programs

► My work with Leaves for Wellness is now strictly consultative, and I am currently seeking a new opportunity in Medical and Healthcare Sales.





Page 2 of 7




Leaves for Wellness offers Supplements, Wellness, Personal Care, Weight Management & Skin Care Products throughout the Western North Carolina region.

StatLab Medical Products
Sr. Laboratory Medical Sales Representative ► Medical Sales Leadership | Revenue Growth Strategies
July 2012 - December 2016 (4 years 6 months) North Carolina & South Carolina
Bringing seasoned leadership in Medical and Healthcare sales, I delivered powerful results for StatLab. Consistently meeting/exceeding sales quotas, I was promoted to Senior Sales Representative in 2014.

In this role, I sold histology, cytology, and immunohistochemistry laboratory consumables and equipment to Physicians, Pathologists, Medical industry executives, Lab Directors, Purchasing, Materials Management, and other key decision makers throughout NC/SC territory.

With a focus on consultative sales, I built and strengthened trusted relationships, consistently meeting/exceeding sales quotas. Utilizing in-depth experience and expertise in medical and healthcare sales, I also provided transformational leadership in this previously underperforming territory, spearheading the salvaging and rejuvenating of client relationships and propelling consistent revenue growth.

»» Delivered on effective sales strategies — increasing sales revenue 28 consecutive months

»» Honored with the Rainmaker Award; ranked #6 in the country among all company Territory Managers

»» Provided key leadership in business development activities —growing territory by 24%

»» Delivered consistent leadership in securing contracts and implementing various cost savings — bringing  in hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue across multiple large-scale clients





Page 3 of 7




StatLab is a leading specialty supplier exclusively focused on providing histology, cytology, and immunohistochemistry consumable supplies to more than 3,000 anatomic pathology laboratories throughout the United States.

SupplyOne
Manufacturer & Distributer Sales Representative ► Business Growth | Customer Relationship Management
January 2010 - July 2012 (2 years 7 months) Rockwell, North Carolina
Joining the sales team at SupplyOne, I delivered substantial value as a Manufacturer & Distributor Sales Representative, overseeing the management of all sales and marketing for diverse clients including in Manufacturing, Distribution, and Healthcare facilities.

Areas of focus include Sales Strategy Development, Client Relationship Management, Cold Calling, Market Analysis, Data Management & Analysis, Consultative Sales, Product Demonstrations, Presentations, Customer Service, and Long-term Growth Strategies.

»» Delivered highly-effective sales strategies — ranked #1 in the region in capital equipment sales (2012);

»» Provided key leadership in market penetration  — increasing our plastic division market share by 73% (2011)

»»  Achieved an annual sales revenue increase of 55% (2012); grew profit margin 62% (2011)

»» Escalated capital equipment sales by 35% (Q1 2012)




SupplyOne is the leader in packaging solutions — building a packaging program that simplifies processes, guarantees savings, and increases efficiency

Pack Pride Realty, LLC.
Owner/ Founder / Sales Lead  ► Real Estate Investment
2003 - 2009 (7 years)
Greensboro, North Carolina

Page 4 of 7




A sales professional with an entrepreneurial mindset, I launched Pack Pride, LLC, a real estate investment firm in 2003.  As founder and owner, I built this new venture from scratch, bringing it to profitable operations — leading P&L, strategic planning, sales and marketing, negotiations, and all financial matters.

As a Real Estate investor, I closely analyzed markets to identify foreclosure and short sale opportunities and networked extensively with industry peers.  My intensive work with Pack Pride yielded significant rental income and market capitalization growth.

»» Managed complex negotiations in Real Estate assets — negotiating and acquiring over $1M as an investor

»» Executed strategic vetting and collection process improvement — increasing total cash flow by 30%

»» Honored with prestigious Newcomer Award by the Real Estate Investors Club of Guilford County

PharMerica Long Term Care Pharmacy
Healthcare Sales Representative ► Medical Sales | Revenue Growth | Account Management
2001 - 2003 (3 years)
Greensboro, North Carolina
As a Healthcare Sales Representative with PharMerica, I managed and cultivated new accounts throughout the North Carolina territory, working closely with a wide range of medical and healthcare professionals including Medical Doctors, Nursing Home Administrators, Directors of Nursing, as well as and Nursing Staff.

Focusing on a consultative sales approach, I provided information, listened to their needs, and offered optimum options in Long-Term Care pharmacy solutions.

Areas of focus include Pharmaceuticals, Medication Packaging, Pharmacist Consulting, Infusion Therapy, and Medical Equipment.

During my tenure with PharMerica, I generated $5.3M in sales within 18 months.


Page 5 of 7




»» Executed successful strategies in revenue growth — ranked #2 in the entire Southeast Region in revenue production for PharMerica

»» Provided key leadership in account management — salvaging important accounts with Novant Healthcare that resulted in a $4.2M 2-year contract


Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, with nearly $2 billion in annual revenues, PharMerica is one of the largest and fastest growing institutional pharmacy companies in America.

Morrisette Paper and Packaging
Packaging Territory Sales Manager ► Sales Leadership
1994 - 2001 (8 years)
Greensboro, North Carolina Area
Covering a large 7-county market, I delivered highly successful sales strategies for Morrisette — I was honored with numerous sales awards during my tenure as Packaging Territory Sales Manager.

A natural salesman, I built strong relationships with my clients and drove aggressive sales growth with effective account management and new business development activities.

»» Ranked #1 in Capital Packaging Equipment Sales — achieving highest sales growth

»» Ranked #3 out of 37 National Territory Sales Managers

»» Honored with Salesman of the Year, Rainmaker Award, among others

»» Provided transformational sales leadership — taking territory from $0 to
$1.2M in revenue

»» Exceeded sales quota by ~135% — all six years in the position




Morrisette provides packaging and facility solutions for some of the world’s biggest brands.


Page 6 of 7




Greensboro Bats Baseball Club
Sales And Marketing Intern
May 1994 - September 1994 (5 months) Grensboro, NC
Promoted group ticket sales
Sold advertisement space for game programs
In-game marketing promotions on field and in stands
Reported final scores to local, regional and national media outlets


Education
North Carolina State University
Bachelor of Science, Multidisciplinary Studies, Marketing & Advertising

Western Carolina University
Sport and Fitness Administration/Management
































Page 7 of 7
