



Contact
+447585357176 (Home)
sonishivam7@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/shivam- soni-314a49152 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills Public Speaking English
French
Shivam Soni
Statutory Reporting Specialist at Schroders Guildford, United Kingdom
Summary
A determined Accounting and Finance graduate from the University of Surrey. Possesses relevant professional experience gained during two subsequent internships both within and outside of finance. Able to interpret accounting information, implications and consequences as well as have the clear communicative methods  to achieve client needs and wants. Repeated success in financial analysis, relationship building, and balancing competing prioritise. Motivated and poised for the next level of career success in finance and accounting.

Experience
Schroders
Statutory Reporting Specialist
August 2019 - Present

Euro Overseas & Trading BVBA
Intern
August 2018 - August 2018 (1 month) Antwerp, Belgium
• Creating packaging list invoices.
• Working with people all around the world.
• Compliance with domestic/international shipping laws.
• Time management of freight to avoid large penalties.

Goin™
Finance Intern
July 2018 - July 2018 (1 month) Barcelona Area, Spain
• Using excel to create three to five year financial projections and forecasts.
• Writing the business plan for the company which the investors/banks/ governments need.
• Creating the investor deck, which explains to investors why the company stands out from the    competition.
Page 1 of 2



• Being immersed into the finance/tech (fintech) market and learning about the sector itself.
• Conducting competitor analysis in terms of the market the operate in and the product itself.

Eurostar Diamond Traders
Summer Intern
June 2016 - July 2016 (2 months) Antwerp, Belgium
Administrative and logistical duties, including managing email, creating the right combination of commodities for shipping, managing the commodity with security/transfer agents.

Responsibility of handling, sorting and packing valuable commodities. Working in the service sector where the client's every need and want in terms of their specific requirement of the commodity is achieved.

Working in a customer orientated role, where after sales service is also needed.


Education
University of Surrey
BSc (Hons) Accounting and Finance  · (2016 - 2019)

Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE Institute Limited) Certificate Program on Technical Analysis (CPTA)., Stock Market · (2017 - 2017)
The British School of Brussels
International Baccalaureate  · (2014 - 2016)








Page 2 of 2
