



Contact
770-402-6556 (Mobile)
melconnors04@yahoo.com
www.linkedin.com/in/melconhi (LinkedIn)
www.ardentmc.com (Company)
www.stelladot.com/melissaconnors (Personal)

Top Skills
GIS
ArcGIS ESRI

Certifications
Top Secret Clearance
Certified Scrum Product Owner Certified Scrum Master
Melissa Connors
Student in Full-stack Web Development at Le Wagon Now looking for a new position!
Wailuku, Hawaii

Summary
I am a Top Secret-cleared Certified Scrum Master and Certified Product Owner from The Scrum Alliance with over 12 years experience in various positions supporting project meeting management, quality assurance, software testing and geographic information systems.  My experience working at IT and engineering firms provides the base for a deep understanding of the roles
of programmers, software developers, GIS engineers and IT specialists.  My strong GIS background and willing attitude would make me a perfect addition to nearly any company.

*Certified Scrum Master and Scrum Product Owner from the Scrum Alliance.

*DoD issued Top Secret Security Clearance.

*Proficient in ArcGIS Desktop 10.0. and all of its extensions.

*Maintained strong professional relationships with government and private-sector clients; ensured their satisfaction by listening, and delivering better than what was expected.

A major strength that I would bring to the table is a willingness to get the job done.  I follow through on all projects, even if that means working late or in a new role.  I’m flexible and willing to learn new skills to help a company grow.  I strive to be a well-rounded GIS professional always interested in expanding my knowledge and eager to add to my repertoire.

Specialties: Certified Scrum Master, Certified Scrum Product Owner, Government software SME, Quality Assurance, Software Testing, Location Intelligence and LBS, Mobile Communications Industry, Esri Software


Page 1 of 3




Experience
Le Wagon
Student in Full-stack Web Development at Le Wagon UK
May 2019 - Present London, United Kingdom

IUE Technology Geospatial Specialist January 2018 - Present Haiku, Hawaii

Ardent Management Consulting
Business Analyst
October 2012 - April 2017 (4 years 7 months) Maui, Hawaii
Certified Scrum Product Owner

AirSage
GIS and Product Marketing Manager
2010 - November 2012 (2 years 11 months)
• Lead all GIS-centric work for the company.  Provided maps and data to clients and coworkers. Trained coworkers in Esri mapping software.
• Initiated the strategic business partnership between AirSage and ESRI. Collaborated with government and private-sector clients to provide coverage area analysis, study feasibility, etc.
• Wrote and developed test plan for major research project with Federal Land Management.  Worked on quality control on the Raleigh OD study and
numerous nationwide studies. Assisted in the planning, setup and execution of field tests nationwide.
• Given the assignment of Product Marketing Manager in January 2012, tasked with developing collateral, website design, FAQ's and specific marketing for AirSage's four current product lines.

TruPoint Partners
GIS Analyst
2006 - 2009 (4 years)
• Developed new standard report procedures that resulted in a concise training manual to shorten delivery by 25% in order to meet client demand.



Page 2 of 3




• Completed client Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) reports from .dbf data format through final report phase using ArcView 9.3, Microsoft Access, Crystal Reports and Adobe Acrobat Pro.
• Met every single CRA Report and special mapping project deadline set forth by over 200+ banking clients over the course of work career.

Watershed Concepts
GIS Analyst
2005 - 2006 (2 years)
• Created Digital Flood Insurance Rate Maps (DFIRM) and Flood Profile production maps on a county-by-county basis; including areas affected by Katrina.
• Trusted to review the work of peers while following FEMA guidelines and standards for quality control with a strong focus on meeting deadlines set forth by supervisors and/or clients.
• Represented company on several local and regional training and business conferences.


Education
Georgia Southern University
Bachelor of Science, Geography/GIS




























Page 3 of 3
